yeah what's up YouTube it's buhdeuce key
actually I said that a little bit early
I bet if I did I'm writing I cut off but
today I'm going to be reviewing a Rasta
vans wallet with like a plethora
material and Ray's stitching and advance
off the wall iPhone 4 takes from journey
it's black and got the waffle grip
pretty nice first I'm going to do the
case I'm the cool thing about this case
is oh yeah it's got the waffle grip to
put the bands off the wall over here and
it's got all like the bottoms on I shown
has like don't want it basically so it's
easy to cool dance
I don't have an iPhone so put my ipod
touch in here it fit so yeah that's
pretty cool like I'm not trying to like
walk around pretending I have an iPhone
it's just the case for my iPod Touch you
know I wanted us to break that yeah case
is pretty nice this thing that's like
such a cool design it looks like a
bottom I want to eat um so yeah I'll
leave that right here second pretty much
said everything left the wallet pulled
it out for us to design to the same flip
it over
yeah part for your money it's got a big
tagging
um Danny I like couple credit card slots
right here to advance tag right here
thread right here you can actually like
slide an ID or something I don't know
how much this stuff good action I think
this is like 12 maybe 15 dollars the
case like once again I won the stuff in
the raffle so this is probably like 10
15 - nice one walking around everywhere
just money in my pocket so yeah that's
about it I'll be putting out more
reviews event stuff today so check my
other videos thanks for watching